OPG-472: Documentation for nodeFilter label and value formatting (#941)
OpenNMS/grafana-plugin: docs/modules/datasources/pages/entity_datasource.adoc

nodeFilter(location='$location')
----

=== nodeFilter(<filterQuery>[,labelFormat[,valueFormat]])

The `nodeFilter()` query returns a list of nodes that match the given filter expression.

The filter expression must be made up of an existing node attribute and its corresponding value.
Separate multiple filter expressions with an ampersand (`&`) (for example, `<attribute1>=<value1> & <attribute2>=<value2> & ...`).
The node's value can be a constant or a variable.

[[ds-nodefilter-label-value-formats]]

> In addition, `labelFormat` and `valueFormat` attributes can be added to format the `label` (what is displayed for example in a variable dropdown list) and the `value` (the value that is used to send to the OpenNMS Rest API).
> By default, both of these use the Node `id`, however any of the following may be specified:
> 
> [caption=]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`labelFormat` and `valueFormat` attributes can optionally be added to format the `label` (what is displayed with the variable selection dropdown boxes) and the `value` (the value that is used when referenced within Grafana.).
By default, Entity Datasource variables default to the node `id` for both of these values, however any of the following may be specified:

```

.`nodeFilter()` label and value formats
[cols="1,3"]
|===
| Format | Description

> | id
> | The node database id (a numeric value), e.g. `1`.
> 
> | label
> | The node label, e.g. `localhost`.
> 
> | id:label
> | The node id and label, e.g. `1:localhost`.
> 
> | label:id
> | The node label and id, e.g. `localhost:1`.
> 
> | fs:fid
> | The node foreign source and foreign id, e.g. `My_Source:Id123`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| id
| The node database id (a numeric value)

| label
| The node label

| id:label
| The node id and label

| label:id
| The node label and id

| fs:fid
| The node foreign source and foreign id

| fs:label
| The node foreign source and label
```

Author: Good catch re `fs:label`
